[Music]
a
w
[Music]
am
ch
[Music]
i
l
[Music]
ah [Music
]
m
[Music]
H
ye
[Music]
y
Tonight on the screen you're gonna
know everything With news that will catch you You won't
be able to move Fresh gossip and passion
Get ready for the action Let's go
The nights that will
sing Secrets drama and fun The
show will trap you and you won't want to leave it
ever
[Music]
Everything that happens on TV Here you're going to
hear it Each story will move you
The night can't stop Let's go What
happens on TV Here you're going to hear it
Each story will move you The night ca
n't stop Let's go let it start now The
nights that will
enchant secrets Drama and fun
The show will trap you and you won't want to leave it ever
[Music]
[Applause]
more let's go that  Start now the nights you're
gonna love it what
drama and fun the show will
aar you and you won't stop deam more everything that
happens on TV here you're going to hear
every story will excite you the night ca
n't stop let's go to the noes
you're going to
love it yes it's drama and fun
it will tie you and you will never want to leave it
[Music]
pamam Good night family How are
you I hope you are having or that
you had a nice weekend
Well first of all let me tell you that Marina
couldn't come today okay her hair hurts a
little her hair hurts a little she
woke up with a hairache Yeah I know it
's a bit of a strange thing but
well Marina is like that a lot of times so
today we have to manage on
our own But well Better alone
than in bad company no no no
man no you say that because you've
seen me do it several times no before
starting well you do that all day
how are you how are you Good night how are you how are you Have you
missed me you
Ju over here I was going to ask you the  same
question you're going to depend on what you
answer that's very convenient I
mean like let's see per that like that that I mean that's
not sincerity no I mean it
depends on what you answer let's see
but because I already know that these days I have
n't spoken to you you haven't
spoken to me either I don't know it's that I've seen you
quite busy I've been too
eh deo I go all these days the truth is
that I have my doubts about that let's
see She's very busy playing paddle
that when we meet up if you want I'll beat you up
so much that you train you
train man eh but I train at the
gym I don't train padel I mean I've never
touched a racket in my life what does that have to do with
telling you Well
look eh I'm going to give you a test yesterday
I went to the cinema so much that you're on
TV so much that you're on TV I mean it doesn't make
sense you're mixing
speed with the tosino well it's sport sport
sport you're supposed to be
preparing yourself then people who
train that do sports are supposed to
then have an easier time with other
things I mean you take one  raquea what is
going to suppose you exactly exactly I eat I eat
right now whatever eh
I eat right now whatever the truth is yes yes yes yes I
am very happy because I just had
dinner a steak that I don't know what it's
called the truth if you want ask
Lorena But well it's a healthy steak
Okay and lettuce that I don't like to eat
lettuce you know that it's the first
time that I've eaten lettuce in my life you
know or rather I don't like to eat I see it
as I see it as for cows But
well apparently I did get it from
the nutritionist this amount of
lettuce and this amount of steak lettuce
for cows Well okay that
thought ah it's that I don't see it as an
appetizing food do you like
lettuce a lot because it
seemed a little strange to me it seemed a
little strange to me very strange but but have you eaten
lettuce alone with the steak
Ah well a side dish I mean okay alone alone
give a little penic man a
little cebc tomato Ah no lie
lie the other day they also gave me
a salad it was a salad with
with chicken with walnuts  some
really weird things like that But well it was also for
inside the truth is that I'm listening
to Raj Tabla, everything the
nutritionist tells me I'm doing it exactly as it is, you'll see,
you'll see. I think you
saw that IV is pushing it and you
said, go too, damn IB is at 40
kg but of course the IB IB thing I don't think it's
impossible I'm a divai eh In the
end he won't go through the operating room yes or
yes because he's
losing so many kilos a kiss
Román it's so many kilos it's so many kilos that he
's losing that I think that has to
be yes or yes after the operating room
the plan to fix it of the Yes because it might make
you flabby no Of course I
understand But I'm I'm
hallucinating eh man it's that it's
mathematical if you if you do this
sport these hours a day this cardio and
with this diet it's mathematical I mean it has to
be yes or yes you're not
seeing me Yes what happens is that you don't
need what you know what happens that
you sit for so many hours it goes away  I've
seen you in person your tummy was
a little bit smaller
but because of Coca-Cola that's why it exists
but that's okay that doesn't exist the thing about
fat fat goes to the whole body
equally or rather that of No I don't want to I
want to lose my double chin I want to lose my
neck I want to lose my belly nothing that's
when you're fat or gaining weight it's in
the whole body Javi Look Carmen
Borrego I don't want to be bad but since we
're talking about this subject Las Campos
for example have a each one has a
constitution for me it looks more like the aunt
still the face well it's her constitution
they have some legs like this And then the
double chin that's why she did it she got rid of the
double chin in fact for you for example well
me who I've seen you it's like the tummy like this
the shape of a little tummy And
such But in general some normal arms legs
No for me it's like and yes but you can't
lose weight only in your belly no but
there's something that makes you lose weight No man you don't
lose weight only in your belly but when you
gain weight like that  you gain more weight your tummy gains more weight, it doesn't matter
to you No man you
gain more weight everything that happens you might
notice it more but you see my
face Look at my face from the other season
Look at my face Look at me I think you've
improved and the other day I told you I'm going to
say it here This shirt looks good on you
Oh the one from yesterday it's true he says no I haven't
talked to you in all these days I don't
know what you're talking to me to flirt with me I
literally told you Well I won't tell you
and besides I've seen you very busy I mean you
see me Although I don't telesauce you see me
Sure man I got home and I said to
sleep like always but I put you and all and I
say so you can see what I give you I'll give you a
free visit I was You're welcome one of
the many that you had yesterday and all And I say
yesterday we rocked eh yesterday we rocked Yesterday I
d Don't ask me too much but everything I
saw in you I'd already seen on
Twitter eh I mean I want to tell you eh that it was
n't him he's not capable of giving me a
full compliment  I mean, she always has it there like the
hair Well, the day that you stop
throwing them at Marta Riesco and someday you
value me more, then I will reciprocate.
Of course, today we are going to criticize her No, a little,
yes, yes, yes, today we are going to criticize her, it's time,
but you too, you too, you're going there
because, of course, clo, let's see, it's that it's
denying me a little, let's see, eh, by the
way, there is a topic that you put
here in the headline that we have not
talked about as
always, as
always, as we did not talk before, as we did not talk
before, a topic, a topic that
we have not talked about, but the one who has been
robbed is Marta
Ri no, no, no Rocío Flores has been
robbed but I am going to watch that video here with you.
Ah, okay, okay, you did it, they
are preparing that video that you
said. What happens is that Luare told me
that you sent her a 20-
minute video and I told her, well, take the most
important thing, before 20 minutes, I
have sent a video to nobody. If I don't read it,
Who is Luar, the one who is the daughter, the one who prepares
the head of content. Ah, the one who  I
confused you with Miare a while ago okay okay okay okay okay you don't
hit me much
Miare doing the miniatures
no that she makes
demands of me But okay okay okay okay okay No no it's okay okay okay okay
but well if she comes Uy I'm seeing
members here already many members I
think it's because of the other day There Tesa
how happy it is to see her here always how
beautiful what a voice she has there are not many people
who won't know But I have checked it out
well You also love it she is with
her in person many times but I
will be there and you won't you will be there and I won't yeah I'm
sorry Javi you can't always be
present you try you try how to
award the
gentlemen I wasn't going to say something But well you
know say it say it how your people
our people don't kick me out of here with
hot water Well Sundays and
Wednesdays probably Hey Sundays
and Wednesdays and more days if they
command Of course because we have set a challenge I do
n't know if you have noticed that if if today
for example we went to 120 members I mean
if today there are 120 new members Marina
when would we do live apart from
Wednesday I might even  I would do it
tomorrow because it is very likely that there will be
one there are three guests about to fall
but of course tomorrow you want to throw it out Ah that
tomorrow I know man no for God it's true it's true it's true no no no no not
much less besides I love it eh No of
course Tuesdays no yes Tuesdays eh
but of course We have
to get to 120 members but it's worth it because however it comes however it comes it's invited because today I have tested several guests But also one is going to be honest and is going to tell Because some have not come they do not want to they do not want to come but not here but in
general they do not want to appear yes no they do not
want to appear anywhere yes
[ __ ] yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes because because because
yes because yes hosa Uy they are
giving away many members Those
also count No man it counts everything
Of course Look we have been eh we have been no But there are
people who have become members
for 32 months what does that mean Ah that's not that doesn't
count that doesn't count and
how are they not going to count well because they do not
count because they are people who are
giving them the button eh who were already
members Ah And that means that they have been
members for like 3 years No yes le le  you
can hit the button, see, it sends me a
message, of course, it's like a greeting, it's like
a greeting. But there are people who don't know
because people around me have asked me.
And how do I become a member because they do
know about Super chat and I
told them to become members. The same as
not to me from the iPhone. All I get is
super chat and sticker. Ah, the [ __ ] iPhone,
I don't know why the [ __ ] iPhone doesn't, it doesn't
give you the f****** thing, it's true. Let's see, there
was a way out there, tesa, can
tell you, tesa, how do those who have an
iPhone do it, of course, that's it. I don't know why the
iPhone doesn't put it there, the [ __ ] iPhone doesn't
give you the button to become a member. Ah, but
the iPhone is with iPhone, from iPhone you ca
n't How? Yes, yes, yes, it's something
that you say, well, This is incredible
because most people will see us
from iPhone, of course, I mean, you
can't and you can't give it away. Of course, I understand,
no. Ah, the truth is, I don't understand, that's because
mine is, look, I went to make the joke
on the kids, I say, I'm going to give away a
couple of members, like, he's going to make the
joke and you  I'm going to put something, look. It seems by
clicking on the link that Tesa is putting.
Look, Tesa is putting a
link, so there you click on the link and there you
can become members, but
come on, it should be put there really strong,
no, but well. Ah, no idea, no idea, okay. Oh, I'm so
happy to be here,
really, you too, right, man, of
course, of course. Let's see
where you want to start because today has been. Let's see,
wait, because over there I have to
put Marisa on the screen. These are
like Greetings, you see, it gives them once
a month, eh. So that they appear there and
send a message, see it. Look, Greetings,
Marina and all, telesaliseo, 34 months,
but they put membership for 34 months. That doesn't
mean that those people even
pay every month, pay every month, renew it
every month. Of course, but how come every month if it
says, Ah, they've been a member for 34
months. Oh my God, how many people have been there? How many,
3 years, handsome,
eh, thanks for your loyalty, you
deserve it. Javi, yes, 34 months, of course, 3
years, no, the documentary was in 2021. It was
in the  24 put that the members
put them when a few months have passed
Maybe because at first they don't have them I don't
know at first I don't know I think
when you start the channel they don't have it no I don't know I don't
remember anymore I don't know you don't remember it doesn't surprise me son so many years
you have sat you don't know Now you don't know when or where
today we had a sad day a
sad loss of a
television legend Maira Gómez has passed away kem
mythical presenter of un dos TR that is to say
a television figure that we will remember
for life Look there I'll send you a
message a crumb of sanity look
what Marina has in her hair now that
you talk about hair that
you like so much haar You never change it's contagious because it's the beauty of spreading joy although it also has a genetic part you have worked for it I feel proud to see that there is Oh please don't make me cry Thank you a crumb of sanity that is very needed in the world because you the
tea heche I mean you told me that you were going
to tell me something that moves you a little no
then  careful no no let's see let's see yes it
's true that look when a few
days ago let's see she we know well we know
that she has been a great one of television
Chicho Ibañez Herrador who discovered her
in that one TR of course We also ca
n't tell you much about that
time there are colleagues who have
lived through it but it's true that from
2009 onwards no when she started moving away
from the world of television when she was
diagnosed with tongue cancer which
then later she also had
cancer [ __ ] I don't remember that it was
throat throat throat Lu
learn also then she had to
learn to speak buah I remember let's
see it's silly well I don't
mind sharing it but it's
true that well a few months ago when
my mother was very sick well she who
had a great sense of humor and my mother
well it's true that my mother said Well
well I had cancer my mother
had breast cancer too and well they
removed both breasts and such and she
swore and Ah I didn't know That one yes yes yes breast she
says now I have pancreatic cancer and she
told me and then the next one and I imitated her
a little talking but  as a joke
the next one says I want to have a tongue like
Maira who was in a joking way because already to
get a little humor out of
the situation no and it seems silly
but well we laughed and we got a
little humor out of where it wasn't found and
just well we had that joke
we were like I say Gosh what could have happened to
her how about and exactly Well that was
a few days ago when the
news broke not of Well that they had of that she had
been 18 hours eh eh Not
unconscious due to a domestic accident
lying on the floor that she wasn't
unconscious imagine she is not
unconscious no that the woman had fallen
in her house But why did she
die or rather because the only thing I
understood I like that she fell the other
day in her house But well that it wasn't from the
fall no No man But well of
course she was admitted she is
recovering they discharged her she has had
several operations that I don't know if we are
going to put on television one not even if we
were that she spoke with Javi de Ollos
that she was totally exhausted
eh And another one on the son soles program  eh I
passed you I passed you the link have you seen that
something is happening uploaded to Instagram I sent it to you I
don't know if yes yes yes I think we can put it up let's see I was going to put something else but I mean it's still on Instagram something is happening Yes yes because it was today and and she said that she was she was exhausted I don't know either I don't know I don't know exactly the
cause I think it hasn't come to light
either let's see it's not necessary I don't know either
76 years old
Man what it is cancer it hasn't
been it has been as a result of the fall I don't know
exactly what the consequence I mean the fall has to do with it
man 18 hours lying on the ground goes to the
hospital which is true
then and
she I
don't know but come on I'm that
the fall was you see what happened in these
days but that it has nothing to do with the
death that the death was natural
let's say natural within the illness that
the woman had m ​​to the next cre
next I
think what happened to you that you fell at home
Mayira I fell I gave myself away I fell and I spent
1 hour on the ground the firefighters came in they
couldn't lift me up it
tremendous tremendous it was a starry night
all those hours on the floor and who was
the one who warned me well a neighbor tried to
call me and when I
answered the door and gave me the
ro I didn't
stay without strength I couldn't get up and
now How are you? Well I'm better but I
still need a lot of rest. Have you
had any after-effects? Have you broken something?
No No thanks to
[Music]
God sent [ __ ]
and we hope you get better as soon as possible. We
love you and we admire you
very much. Are you? I'm fine We'll
see each other again I would love to. You know, look, I
mean, this is what you're telling me. No, he's
had several operations.
Now I'm going to tell you something else
that maybe you don't know. Remember what I
've told you on many occasions I
respect you enormously and I love you
very much. I already know, I
know. The only man who was more handsome than
you was my Alberto.
Buo.
Thank you. We'll see each other again. He asks you
where he is. How does he ask you why he
died? He asks you many questions. No,
no, no, I don't ask myself those things
but I don't have to accept it.
Because of the subject that he spoke like that, it was because of the
subject.  tongue and throat cancer
this because of
husband her husband died
has Padilla
because he died and agrees yes but I
say the issue of why he vocalizes badly of
course because of the tongue he had to relearn how to
speak of losses that you are not asked to
be Santa
first mar my name was never that first it
takes time to go through the
Grief to accept it is not acceptable I will never accept
that my husband is missing
never No I am not you you can
accept it Why Why not because I
love him because I still love him it was a
logistics problem No look I
wanted to put
this clip for you that this has been that I don't know if you
know that it is a [ __ ] thing I hope
one day they call me something
like this happened to gref they called him to relaunch
on Twitch the 1 do3 he only made one program I do
n't know why they wouldn't be profitable
or whatever because I believed that it was going to
be something
from laira gz
man [ __ ] this woman was there when I
did the 1 23 of public man it's true
What madness is a legendary presenter
of the 1  23 and she died that's why it's a trending
topic What a crazy guy yeah yeah
also when I did the show she
was in the public well rest in peace rest in
peace
go away The guy Well if it's
life rest in peace
eh them Hi the 1st 3 they did it on
twit but what I don't know why they
only did it for one day The truth is I thought it was going to
be something that was going to stay and
no it didn't stay Yes it's what you say that
maybe it didn't work let's see they are
mythical formats of television but
still Lu adapts to the new generations
and new technologies I don't know if I don't know
to what extent it works but what
catches my attention more is that discussion
with p I am totally with Mayira, I mean
without believing it, I respect her way of
seeing it and sometimes I envy her, I simply
truly envy her for how she is
capable of being happy eh eh with her with
her thoughts and with her way of
facing it and that only with that she is happy, that's
only why I envy her but she unintentionally imposes on
others to think like her,  I
handled the issue of death like she did
and Mayira rebelled and said okay that's
you but respect that I
will never accept the death of my husband in
fact the husband was with depression
for several years Mik too well that was it he
smoked a lot if in the end
everything passes I believe that everything ends everything takes its
toll one day I will quit I am very
clear about it no no no I don't have it Believe me
now I do have it every day more let's be very
clear but I don't know it's really sad the
truth is it's really sad because well because
yes because that Look, a, a person
who has been a legend of television
yes it's true that she didn't have children she
was married for almost 50 years she had everything
and in the end you find yourself
almost a whole day lying on the floor
nobody I always tell my grandmother
grandmother calm down because that's not
going to happen to you I told her the other day it's not
going to happen to you in life more than an hour
without knowing about you I die I plant myself there I mean it's
how can that happen to
someone to be 18 hours totally
conscious conscious not unconscious and
nobody finds out and  that nobody and
conscious and that and the helplessness of
not being able to get up you know or rather
please it's really sad I'm
telling you or rather so you can see that the people
who have everything are the ones who feel the
least sorry for me but that
's not all Okay family the fight
between Maria Patiño and Marta Riesco has
continued I mean it's not like in fact
the atmosphere has gotten quite ugly and
before we go and criticize Marta
Because we do have to give her a
little criticism for something that I don't know
why she's acting this way or
why she does it I don't know if you have any
explanation because I don't understand it and
she hasn't explained it to me either and there's
a thing going on here and it's that
eh from here she's watching us and now
relax and don't lose this
job today she's not watching us because
eh she's out there with her boyfriend today she's not
watching us but I think she's going to
see us eh she's going to see us because she's keeping an eye on it She's keeping an
eye on well everything
but it makes me really sad because I've seen
some tweets around and a  things that I
'm already saying damn girl stop I don't know
if it will be if it will be prepared or it will be you know
but don't lose your job on
Thursday it worked well in the hearing and
man not everything not everything is gu But anyway if
something works then we stretch it out I'm
not telling you that it will be a disgrace
because I think Marta
suffers from it too which is the worst of all no but
anyway that a hearing works
come on let's see what happened the
next day when
the
passes were supposedly going to be no I can't hear I can't hear sorry it's that I have to
mute the
videos when you speak because if not you can
hear an echo I don't know why the truth is don't
worry dear okay the subject of
what María has said which seems
super important to me the subject of
workplace harassment is something fundamental and I who have
suffered it well having reported Let's
continue has reported to did not report that's why
I'm not going to swallow a
lie for unfair dismissal period
unfair dismissal you have a
sentence you have a sentence or you
reached an out-of-court agreement
because it suits you
and you're going to tell it No but  You told me
and I'm not lying what I'm
telling you so either you lie to me
off camera or you tell me the truth
on camera but off camera
you told me I reached an agreement because I had no
other choice you
told me it's that it's that she understands
Maria Patiño I just realized one thing
but now I'm going to explain to you
why okay she has nothing left eh she has
a few seconds left wait you told me you lied to me
I haven't told but
anyway as a
private conversation Of course of course what you can't do is
lie what I do exactly well bye
Marta I'm going to talk to valde peras well
talk to valde peras we do the same
we get up yes what I would like to do
is let's see here yes there is it's
true it's that I took this from a tweet
from the Indian and the Indian says Marta Riesco
after months of lying to her followers
about the issue of the trial with Unicorn is
uncovered live Marta made a pact with the
producer many months ago and never
reported her for harassment yes she reports her for
harassment yes  she files a complaint for harassment she
files a complaint for uh
she wants them to recognize the
unfair dismissal and all that stuff
and the part of the thing is the one that is not
admitted what happens is that she reaches
an agreement that is only the
unfair dismissal what the
producer recognizes is not going to recognize it Of course it
is clear but what was not known is
that she reaches an agreement I did not know I gave the
exclusive now I'm going to put it to you okay I did
n't remember I didn't remember that
part I don't remember it's not that of course Marta it
's not that she is she is omitting
part omitting
exactly she is omitting I'm going to put
my exclusive Okay and we continue
talking very good family How
are you quick video I have a
little one here Well a little one is quite
important this exclusive okay I am
surprised that Marta has posted this
Instagram story and that she does not tell everything
because the truth uh she should tell
everything it is a topic that has been
talked about and that has already been giving many
stories and many things on that subject
and that it was going to go to the end and all that
stuff and well uh  I've had
this information since 10 in the morning, the
thing is that it's true that
yesterday of Yesterday it was 6 in the
morning when I recorded the three videos
that you're going to have today on the three channels,
okay, over here on telesalseo
the news has already been published in the salsería
I think it's about to be published and the
video from today's main channel The
truth is that it's quite serious and Well, we have to
support it okay Well Marta
has posted these Instagram stories
Miss vidis Regarding the matter that you're
asking me about today you all know what I'm
referring to, I can't comment or give
any information I imagine
that this has been mistaken and it will be
some kind of request from my lawyers I
know you understand me I love you well let's
see the reality is not that it's at the
request of your lawyers that you can't
comment the case is already
over and if you can't comment I do
n't know if it's because you have signed some
kind of confidentiality or agreement not to
say anything I can't think of a reason why you
couldn't tell it Maybe you don't
want to tell it because of course it
hasn't  this ended as we
all thought it would end No because it has
been said that it was going to go all the way
Marta Riesco has reached an
agreement with Unicorn okay there hasn't even been a
trial okay eh They haven't
even gone to court and they
did it before today which was the date of the
trial no the agreement has been financial and
the only thing that has been recognized has been the
inadmissibility I mean basically what they had
offered her on the two or three
previous occasions that I don't remember
how many there were I think it was another two I do
n't remember if there were two or
three times that were suspended
because a witness was missing and all that stuff but anyway
the thing is that
Marta had already been offered on the other
occasions to pay her the money as if she had
worked I mean the inadmissibility
is not a lot of money okay I wouldn't know how to
calculate right now how much it is but
well it would be Marta's salary Until the
end of the contract she had if they hadn't
fired her I mean it's not a lot of
money okay so what Marta was saying was that she did
not accept that agreement because she did
not want to be recognized
only the  inappropriate but she
wanted it to be recognized that she had not
done anything wrong, that there was
harassment, I don't know what, that I don't know how
good it is, okay, in other words, Marta has taken
the money from the agreement, it's worth whatever they
gave her and everything has been
resolved and they haven't gone to trial or
anything, okay. I would say that the agreement is worth it.
But this is in my opinion, I would say that the
agreement was already more or less discussed or
more or less closed with Unicorn
weeks ago and that's why she has remained
calm later and has started working
with the manufacturers.
Echo. Look, yes, yes, you're right what you
were saying there. Perfect, that's how it is, but at
no time, as far as I know, has she said
publicly that she had reached an
agreement. No. Well, yes,
María Patiño has told her behind the scenes, I think
Patiño's use of that
private information is ugly, to expose it live, I
understand that they are biting each
other and I think I get the feeling. Maybe
I'm wrong, eh, that they are going to
start using Marta a little, I'm not
saying as a buffoon but as the easy target,
eh, how do I tell you, eh, Marta Santa, very
easy is that I don't know if exactly as a
clown because Victor Sandoval has more
perhaps that role as a clown in
disguise or that style but yes as an
easy target for attack to get on
his nerves with an outbreak of I think so I
think so obviously Marta
but what you say
unfair dismissal but initially the
dismissal was unfair no I mean I
want to tell you what changes with this
agreement I really remind you a little
okay
eh yes there is one thing I have doubt about
Of course because Marta what she does is file
a lawsuit for unfair or
null dismissal okay but eh in which you
remember that for example Antonio David
in the lawsuit apart from that
dismissal a null one there was also
a violation of the right Clear clear clear clear clear
also they are also admitted
in fact the sentence for violation of
honor is much greater than that of the
dismissal because clar published that news I
remember yes yes yes I remember what
I have my doubts is when Marta
says that she has  I have filed a claim for
unfair dismissal plus harassment for
harassment because of course harassment is
a criminal matter, I don't understand, it seems to me
that what Marta is referring to
will be a violation of the contract of her
rights or whatever, so when they
fire her, it is true
that they do not recognize her from the
first moment a dismissal, the
unfairness of the dismissal because they,
the production company, are alleging
that Marta has skipped a series of
clauses by giving a clue about where she is
traveling, publishing Cos when she uploaded the
famous Stories of those. Yes, yes, I
remember perfectly that she left, it was
this, this procedure was
quite long, see, and there were several dates in
between. What happens is that they tried to
make agreements and Marta always rejected
the agreement and she said that she was going to fight
until the end because she wanted them to
recognize the entire claim in full and
obviously the production company, as it
could not be otherwise, did
not recognize the entire claim, they
recognized the unfair dismissal and
paid her for the months that  there were no and that
correspond to what is the inadmissibility
but yes but that she Well yes and
she was also there for a short time I mean you do
n't
understand me it would be no I don't know how much it is I know she
earned I don't remember if it was
2000 or 3000 1800 1800 it could be no 3000
in life and more than 2000 I doubt it because I think
Unicorn was Unicorn it wasn't a
party it wasn't Unicorn yes or what it was eh I
think that no I don't know if the image clubs pay
more than 2000 no more than 2000 I'm
telling you no 2000 around there yes it doesn't arrive Yes
yes Sure sure ach that she had a
different contract come on then I
really have to defend her in the end
again no I mean because no no she wasn't
lying Marta is lying Patiño she does
sue for something else but they don't
admit it in the end there is nothing left I mean I
want to tell you how how how Ah well of
course I don't know it's that there was no trial it is not
known if she would have won or not It's that
she says No no how that  no no because
an agreement has already been reached no Yes but you
are not you are not telling me let's see
Put the video again you are
telling me that that that demand eh I
mean the part of the thing they are not admitting it
no or or there was already a previous agreement is that there was
no trial they got there and Marta
finally made the agreement I don't know
why she works with the
TV factory Of course of course I would like you to
explain it to Marta but of course we are not
going to know either she is never going to explain it
to me the feeling I get from what I
understand is that she affirmed
confidentiality and that is why she hasn't said it
from the first day hom So why have they been
talking about the subject today she didn't
Yesterday well it is no longer true it was María
who took it out is true do you
remember with Chayo with Chayo something
like that happened that Cho says there is no
sentence I don't know what what with Chario was
like a sentence of conformity or something like that
eh look look says says one in the
chat Marina why do you think Valde
Pera sided with Marta and not
María is it theater Let's see  It's not that it's
theater but knowing how
this works and how it works it's clear that she
takes the side of the weakest
remember in Sálvame when many times it's
Valde Peras Anabel Pantoja who is a
bit Look well you can make a
comparison in Sálvame Anabel Pantoja
although she lent herself to the game although she
has profited financially she was the
easy target for months and years and she
was sunk and she sank but come on
eh eh in a brutal way and always In the
end she ended up coming back Valde Peras
spoke to her Anabel come on I don't know
what And such and she always positioned herself as if on
her side for being quote unquote the
weakest and she made her believe come on
this is playing in favor of the work that it's
all a joke she convinced him and he
ended up giving in and he ended up coming back always
until in the end you come out as you come out
touched and I think that with Marta it happens a
bit the same she is necessary in some
way regardless of the fact that she does
her job very well Well right now they are
entering into a game that works on an
audience that is eh these piques Marta
has her function  that is that we know that it
jumps that sprouts in the good sense
by God and and and it is there well she is there is
Victor Sandoval each one has a
little bit of their role and I think that Marta is
necessary right now for them In
fact I have seen many people who have
positioned themselves with her in in the chat it
is not so much hate towards Marta and we applaud
Patiño eh things are divided or rather I do
not see either I know before it was there that
Marta has positioned herself a little with
r I defend her I think that is it You
think that is it without a doubt But you have
defended her you have always defended it I
mean you have always defended it no no there has not
been a time there has been a time But
well they go veng let the chat speak
green hearts if you think that Javi
has gone too far defending her and has
always defended her green hearts
blue hearts if you think that he has been
objective with her come on Let's see
we are not here for that objective it is that I
the subject Dead s that I already know if I
think that I think the same fool I think the
same let's see and And what  what do you think about
this tweet because this is what I
was telling you at the beginning It seems to me that this
tweet is already risking losing a job,
girl, things are not worth losing and
she can screw up again
Uh Javi the chat Yes yes but it
is but it's that she follows you around Ah okay okay okay
okay She follows you around of
course here without anyone Yes my javichu let's see the
tweet I have no words for what I just
experienced Let's see let's set the tone Marta I
have no words for what I just experienced
for myself and for all the people who have
suffered workplace harassment I cannot allow
again a crushing of this type
by María @mari paao Marí skates
real Marí skates Marí skates I'm
waiting to talk with bucket Because if you
leave the program There's a fine that I ca
n't pay
let's analyze this let's see
and apart she mentions it to confront you
know like come on let's see if she answers
because also María who doesn't hold back on
Twitter look at what I'm waiting to
talk with damn pears Because if you
leave the program There's a fine that I ca
n't pay and that I'm  knowing
a little about the ins and outs of these types
of programs I have been left
hashtag stiff calvano stiff I was
totally unaware of this clause that in Sálvame
was not like that I mean if you leave the
program live I imagine but if you leave you
have a contract But if
you give 15 days notice in
a normal job like Eraan Salv Me
as it is in any you leave the only thing
missing was that you had to pay a fine
as a survivor you know that the Treasury a
value that I remember when I
spoke with Albac Carrillo he told me he was
about to leave and he told me what he
had to face if he left I
think it was double his cache
an outrage eh I don't know if it was 30,000 or
35,000 or 40,000 he said No no I can't stand it
because if I can't stand it let's see what I do but
about Marta I have been left
stiff So you give work of course or in other words she
reveals that
there does not surprise me about Marta Because she is
very  camic in that sense But I don't know if she
deleted the tweet, she didn't delete it eh she
deleted it
Indio I don't think so eh I think it's an impulse it's
an
impulse if she deleted it she took a long
time eh I think she didn't delete it
Come on then it's that I'm staying I mean I'm
staying I'm really telling you eh eh I mean I have to
talk for free Because if the
program and a fine that I can't pay
eh I would like to see let's see can we put
the reactions or is it Ah It's a screenshot it's not a
screenshot I don't know I don't know then yes it
's true that over the weekend I
saw her well except for one thing that
happened to her I saw her as very happy and such
with her boyfriend who by the way from here I
tell you that she is very well let's see it's
advice this is advice not from a
friend but from well from a person with whom
I have a cordial relationship
eh As I see her she is very well eh
being happy with her boyfriend seems
great to me but I see that she is leaving her
friends aside before it was a
long time yes yes yes yes yes I mean it's all
247 boyfriend and I don't know  I'm fine
but that's what I see on Instagram 247
247 I would also give myself a little
space for her eh I'm advice
from a colleague that also Hey you have to
give space to friends and such
because then sometimes relationships
fail I'll speak to you in general and then well Hey
those who are there well those who are there it
's an appreciation with affection what do you think
Javi Because since you don't have an opinion Well look I'm
going to send a message to the place go
schedule the
salsería live go we're already with the
salsería we're already with the
salsería and I'll tell you why
Why Look I'm going to tell you the title
okay No if I can already imagine it eh
pambi I don't know what no no no no you're going to freak out
eh gemita talks about auron and and her friend
plays a new song and I don't know
which one
gemita knew it explodes against aurum
Play and accuses him of
crushing her But well I have to give my
opinion on this subject I've seen the
auron video and it couldn't be more
honest I mean more  the guy's whole and it's clear
that he's been missing and that he's been doing
bad, I mean, I don't know if they
see her in any way, I'm really
telling you eh Honestly, the complaint was for
unfair dismissal and the explanation for her
arctic behavior was harassment,
workplace harassment never starts as a
criminal case, there are legal clauses,
ask Dallas, of course,
workplace harassment never starts as a criminal case. Oh,
ask Dallas, I'm
not going to get involved there eh, because then they
tell me everything, I mean, if I say something that
I think one day, let's say Dallas has never given an
opinion on, I mean, she's never reported
harassment, but workplace harassment, you
can't file a lawsuit that's half
civil, half criminal. So if she's
filing a lawsuit for
unfair dismissal, I understand that he can
file it, out of honor, I don't know, or the labor thing. I do
n't know, the truth is, I have no [ __ ] idea, I
have no [ __ ] idea, but well, according to
her, yes. According to her, it was a lawsuit for
de pidio, an appropriate one, plus harassment and what
happened was that in all these
suspensions of the trial, uh, a
suspension was because a witness was missing
another because I don't know what other because I don't know
how much what was happening was that they offered her an
agreement and she didn't reach an agreement
because they didn't want to admit the thing
and of course they're never going to admit that
Thank you very much crumb by the way queen
Oh I love the photo but it's not her no yes yes it is
her you're going to do the
same thing to your hair are you my box or not the one
in the photos are you clearly that one let's
see Oh
my God Let's see it's that I've mixed up two issues
one is the labor issue but try to
write and you were talking about the
penalty for leaving a program
and that's why you mix up there are clauses that are
illegal it doesn't matter if you sign whatever that
is illegal you not in an
employment contract they can't demand
certain things from you and it was only for that okay
a kiss Hey but are you the one in the photo
no but are you the one in the photo or
not that is a portrait that the hairdresser did for me a
kiss a kiss Thank you very much
queen come on kisses
also Marina say something we've
left you with the word your mouth was going
to say something yes she said and and you have
colog of course I'll say it in the chat let me
say it in the chat listen to me
and you would
do it Yes yes the same as my box when I'm
older is that these Ricitos no
but I'm already getting gray hair shut up
well shut up shut up I don't want to talk about the
subject no no Hey today you had an exclusive message
tell us Well look it turns out that I
started talking to several people I'm
that honest Javi eh so that they come
as guests Aha And I thought about channels
Rivera I say what will become of him after
sálvame And what do I find Ah no no no
but with I'm going to update this because I
get 121 likes it can't be but no no
no Now they're going to call us they're
going to call me heavy for p what is
true is that let's see they have given away 45
members and we must remember that we have
set a record in which if every day
that we arrive here with marina at 120
members we add one more day a
week that's 848 likes minimum 1000 and I
count the channels because I have  I'm
stuck I'm stiff So
if today we reach at least 120 members
we have another program Well maybe
on Tuesday or Thursday we'll put in
one more program a week come on okay And
if we reach 1000 likes I'll count the
channels there are 900 it's 100 B you don't think
the same Let's see I do think the same
come on let's see let's ask let's
ask them earnestly let's see how it
goes ladies and gentlemen Spanish since they
also put up a survey
in the chat that said is Marina the
sacred cow of the
gentlemen
a Hey but that's you're cheating [ __ ] I
thought I was going to laugh at Marina I was
going to say it came out Yes but in
capital letters a 59 by and I was going to laugh at
you but of course The other answer
with a 41 by is a yes
come on no the survey could be Marina or
Marta there could be people who might like
Marta more No man But that can't
be hom your channel oma it's like if I say
Javi oliveira or aurum
Play Maybe you  surprise can you imagine not
on my channel can you imagine on my channel it
wouldn't be very logical well Marina no
one is missing less like come on go tell it
while people are giving it like
come on done let's see eh Well well it turns out I
talk to channels the
charming guy and all and he says to me Well look
Marina I say he says I appreciate you thinking
of me he says to me but he says of
course it's been a long time since I've done anything
press interviews TV and he says
seica of course No but he says to me and I'll explain
the reason I'm going to be very sincere and I'll
explain the reason gentlemen ladies gentlemen
gentlemen want to know why
channels Rivera is missing Play some
music damn Let me know what music I don't know eh
[Music] I
don't know if it was I don't know if it was the music you
were expecting but it was the one I had closest at
hand channels Rivera doesn't want to know anything
about anyone because he tells me literally
Marina I'm still
devastated after a year and a half of
everything that happened on television in
sálvame I'm not
cured I'm not cured I was devastated I
was touched and I'm not recovered  I mean
imagine he says and I'm not ready nor am
I interested in having anything to do
with all those worlds,
damn it, of course I stay like that and I say I
understand because let's remember and I
told him I know that you agreed
to all this because he agreed he profited
financially but it's true that
anyone who watched the program
saw that he was a little out of
place he didn't contribute uh anything as far as his
opinions on the content weren't
relevant So he
uh what he was dedicated to was Well being a
character who was related to
800 girls the subject of When he had his
partner the infidelities with Alba
Carrillo remember all that with Alba
cho Yes yes of course and of course of course and remember
all that plot that he well it
seemed uncomfortable obviously it was all
for money he needed the money he
participated but you could see that no no no that it
was money but that he never wanted that
he was responsible of course but what he
told me is like he rejects all
this type of things not to us
personally in fact he said
thank you very much like I know that not everyone
is the same but he gives  like total terror
having anything to do with this because he
says he hasn't recovered from all
that and I do know but he
tells me that right now I am very
happy in my homeland with my with my children
with my family in my cad with my family
and very calm but I have not
specified how he lives because I suppose
that the rents will not give him
much either but it seems that he is very
calm and as if giving me to understand since
all this has disappeared I am
calm that it is that many
people coincide forget ants the eh Raquel boyo
who also spoke with me today he he I
am very calm it sounds a bit like Consuelo to me too
Yes but he means that he is no longer
afraid that maybe
next week they will suddenly put him there with 2
million viewers at 4 in the
afternoon a new lover calm in that
sense that he is not going to be persecuted
Ana Rosa that you are leaving you know what I
want to tell you and as if we were it does not have
that significance and they are not going to risk
lawsuits So yes it is true that he
is calm In that sense Raquel
boyo who also spoke today  with her a
bit the same the same more or less it's that of
course I think that it has left it has
left a big mark all that
hurricane and they are all like no no no no
no she is with her store with
her fashions with her children with her grandchildren
with her 200 grandchildren and she says that she doesn't she does
n't feel like getting involved in these things
because she knows a little bit she
thanks me too but she knows a little bit about
the impact it's going to have and she's not
interested Of course no no because
they are like with this thing that
no they don't want I associate it Well
a bit to that she already won her lawsuit
eh And well then eh she
is calm too she has done the
same to me besides it seems that she is calm and that's
how they want to be you know or in other words they have been
interested evidently at a time when on an
economic level they earned A lot of
money then by the face and and when there is no
need and doesn't have such they are not going
to do it basically it has been a bit the
same and then there are two or three other
people who are in the air for the
next day and if we reach the member and or we
reach the member I already  thinking eye eye what's it
take me not to see one eh No but
Sorry
and Sorry for the honesty in that
we have the challenge of members And if we
arrive it is likely that one of those
guests there are two or three who promise is that
in fact of the two or three with whom
I have the conversation pending there
I know that there is one that is going to be a
fantasy and there is another that I have told you and
that has surprised me that she said yes
because I was surprised that she said yes So I
think it is going to be a
fantasy but of course there is a challenge a challenge
because we have 45 members Marina I don't
know I think we arrived I think we
arrived she would be missing
75 75 that's nothing Look at my friend ro
who is watching This makes members those
of the padel that happened to her before has
members sema Become a member grandmother member you
make members for God Lu then you
also sent me this that I don't know about
this it is from they will be no I mean I have not
prepared a label in fact well well well well
no there is no need to prepare
anything well it is that María José campanario do
you remember the other day that we commented
here that she had been admitted
uh on two occasions Well, due to a
health problem that apparently had nothing to
do with fibromyalgia, which
Semana magazine supposedly reported that
she had been seen with her eye
bandaged and her face swollen and such And
I spoke to the lawyer who is a friend of
hers and he told me that it wasn't serious, that it
wasn't as serious as we were making it out to be
and such And then this that J also
reminds me of my mother because we
used to do the word of the day which
has an explanation it's an
application look, the word of the day
is e well it's like an application that
you start to put in like five well
sup This is the same Yes five little holes
and you put in a new one and the ones that are there the ones that
match up Well and you continue with the
second option uh And so on until the fifth
until the sixth which is there I don't know why it
says five little holes Well until you
find out intelligent people like me
usually find out the third the
fourth you don't know which one you will find out
the truth is I don't understand it's a joke it's a
joke it's nonsense well conclusion
that she is  this this I thought
was Twitter but it must be this
new part of Instagram Yeah but it's Instagram
this like I don't know what's good
there it could be a no I don't know what the
Instagram comments then it says it's over it says
the storm is over Yeah it says
the word of the day is coming here
like 3 I know he got it right on the third
so it's coming here and you don't know
How to interpret that as if the storm is
like I'm already living it
internally or like it's coming here
on a climatic level it's a little I don't
know what to think people it's a little
strange no I mean but it's not a wink
to anything or anything like that it's
just a game no but well
if they're dedicating themselves to playing the
word of the day normally people who
play that it's not that they're bored but let's
go it's not that
the gutter is dying like I say I mean it's not that it's
very bad you know what I'm telling you eh let's
go I don't know that's what I get In
key that it's not that it's let's go that I
hope it's not very bad because if not
I wouldn't dedicate myself to playing  the word of the
day they just gave us another 10
pieces of members we are in 55 of
Marina careful eh the members are not going to enter our
house go that member a
member ot 55 55 members eh we take to
see we have I have something here has summarized it for me it
is something that you have sent me I have not
seen it yet you are going to tell me
when
sent you I am they have already sent me not to what
places I can fix it so that I
could move it not that this is very
people are going to freak out and I have to
tell you things about Rafael Amargo because with
this with the character with whom I have
spoken the most on the phone in my life and it
is and they banned us before seeing this I
tell you before by WhatsApp they
banned us for a season on
television you could not talk about this
man all programs were banned
because the audience dropped
I hope it does not happen here whenever
we talked about this man
the audience always dropped towards the curve and in the
written media we could not
write about him either it was like the la u the
black rat was going to say like jinx And  I'm
thinking of getting into it here Javi oh my god yes yes yes yes I
understand for a second I have to
put this t because I
'm
freaking out gemita admits her infidelity and
explodes
tra
aurum Oh my God she manipulated me Let's see
wait I have to put t because
if not they'll steal it from me she
manipulated me Oh my God I need to give it to her
go to Miami like the two big
brothers say she yelled at me good good good good he blackmailed me good good he loved me good good good good
and he crushed me
For a
month [ __ ] let's see none of us have been in
that house you know also as much as you
may think one thing or another but come on
I'm stiff eh No no no says
Javi Open a salseria Not here nothing Well you
can go to the salseria and you can leave
me here no no no later we'll go later we'll go
there it's clear
you how heavy how heavy the one who was
worth it Yeah yes tonight we have a powerful night there
Well I'll give it to her I'll give it to her And why did
Marina go to a party today well she went like a stalker
man got out of jail and I
think she's the  first
television interview is the first interview Yeah yeah yeah well it
's a little bit like that I think but
let's say I was shocked because
this man never let go AB let go well that anyway anyway
but well
yes it's like they say he gave a
warning to the royal family no something like that he
said yeah
yeah I prefer not it makes me furious but
I don't believe that no no it's a
bit of a story eh Let's see yes it's true
that this guy has had many contacts
but I don't know I don't know come on I give him okay let
me know so I can stop him because it's obviously
proven that I'm totally innocent
you're like controlling
your feelings a lot this happens to him and I tell you
that two days later someone dies someone
holds a grudge against me for a few days as
if he hadn't wanted to succumb to the
pleasures of Dionysus and of course the father
was about to die die I went I
took his hand and he said son I won't
die until you I'm happy my father
every day every day with me and I
don't understand so much evil for nothing for
nothing for this so much evil What work
is well done there none what
investigation and they give them  like a prize and
a lifetime salary for the great work they have
done is quite a story that I
think someone should kind of
put me now that I know how to prove it in the
place where I was you are lucky to
have I have a comment Marco
García mon being the lawyer of
[Music]
bitter you have said No look eye yes like
Daniel Sancho no Of course if you can
believe my anecdote with Marco García
Montes look when the Boom of the case
when I was that I will return to my
Castilla la Mancha I have my
leave there of course he works in
Castilla la Mancha and I
found it there it was in the middle of Bun and such and I
say what do I do I take advantage and get something from there
but the guy Also let's go that he was
there like s Super Star I say
nothing nor me no no eh careful eye eye let's
go in those moments he was like top
everyone trying to access him about
such good good good good but how
strange is the bitter it is true I thought the
same thing when I saw him I said
wow I have changed physically Eh yes
how you have left me I mean more or what I don't know
younger thinner no no
my impression is a  See, give him another
letter that he sends, the support of your
family, well, the support of my family,
everyone, plus all the assets, or
rather, now at 49, at 19, I had more
than at 49. I had to sell everything
to be able to eat and to avoid a deal because
the prosecution's deal was that you have to
recognize that and I'll give you my
passport. Keep in mind that I have 90
% of my client's abroad. I
am now living in Buenos Aires. I
emigrated like Miguel de Molina and I am
living there. Has it been out of obligation,
let's say, out of necessity, for wanting to work?
Well, because I arrived there and I am the
bitter Rafael that I left ago? Have you
seen what has happened here? Rafael? Where have you
been all this time? I mean, there
directing on television channels
and here they don't even want me as a collaborator?
It's one thing, it's a disaster,
sovereign people. When it comes to saying,
hey, they made a mistake, I have sent
a letter to the president, to his
party, because now. Well, but that's that,
as for the government, I have to
tell you something. Let's see, in these days and
in these months, we have heard everything
about you.  which is understood As the
amount of drug trafficking in Spain
is 30 gr, what has been found more than
double I know with the police sources
that Domino quite black for him
quite black that is why these people have
a serious problem because the quantity of
drugs is important Prove with those
surveillances that you have dedicated yourself to the
trafficking on a greater or lesser scale of that
substance that this investigation would not
make any sense For a year to
do it If it were not sufficiently
armed everything is a scam apparently he
assured that Amargo paid him with drugs
Because he no longer had money that contaminates
poer me cebron there is an act of
recognition on the person of
Rafael Amargo in the
prosecutor's qualification document accuses him of a
crime against public health punishable by
between six and between three and 6 years he has
two open proceedings Therefore he
has to defend himself in two proceedings
thus complicating his judicial panorama
a friend of mine said that whoever is born
round does not die square you Imagine
people
the news is very damaging and already the account Look at
this they are not going to investigate them now you are
acquitted Look this case should not have gone beyond the
48th
investigating court of Plaza Castilla  because
truly there was nothing but
the judge Juan Ramón Reis Purón never and I
repeat never read the summary Why
Because then they ask him a question
and what he answers is not there, that is to say that he has
been accused of a crime against
drug trafficking, that he has been acquitted,
that it can go to the Supreme Court by
the prosecution but that the Supreme Court has already
acquitted him also that now
really you cannot go any higher yes
look The higher the court the
greater the shame and waste of
time because also
the injustice the greater is the
slow justice because justice is not for everyone
Likewise, I have been waiting 3 and a half years
for a trial and a candidate with a
pido 11 days they have not let me come to
speak not even for free, that is to say everyone
also fearing something why If they
are doing it so badly gentlemen they are
doing it wrong but when you say that they have not
let you speak, who are you referring to
because until I had a
minimal solution in this case in this country they have not
let me speak and I did not have a call, they have
cut off my social network  so that I
can defend myself without a
social network, the Spanish government has a home for me,
let's talk clearly,
the Spanish government has done it
then How shameless and what eh
Why when I'm not understanding let's see
what he's mixing up but if you uploaded a
drug topic It's not clear but he mixes
politics and he he talks about some interests
and that from Well from the highest
spheres of the government of course when he brought
up the political topic is when
Emma now cuts him off you know and it's
like here about this you don't know Yeah, like they've
had him Almost almost almost supposedly
kidnapped and they haven't let him raise his
voice yes it's true I do
agree that justice is not equal
for everyone eh obviously I really
tell you but look at the example that he
gave with de pumpido it's true yes it
's true in nothing and nothing and such And
this But well it makes me very funny
that he's like nothing and it seems that he hasn't
done anything you know but but it's heavy it
's heavy the case of this guy and it's a
shame because with the talent that he had He had
been there for a while before entering
the  bad prison didn't pay the
workers eh had problems I
remember when Carla Vigo the
queen's niece started working with him on
the play This Wasteland that I loved
is that when I saw it I wrote to him I
said God Rafael What a shame man that
people end up so bad people with so much
talent end up so bad and in the end it's what
he said not even for free they let me
come to the it's true it's It's that not even if
he paid I'm really telling you
what do you think if we bring him here do you think
people will want it man here yes but
on a television it's difficult for them to take you if you
have an accusation for a drug issue let's
see Well I don't know what to say because there are
also people there who
openly admit to taking drugs So I don't know
to what extent they have the measuring stick
because the [ __ ] is he doing here like Matamoro he was
seen last year or the other one was do
you remember that
a piece of rock fell from his nose live on air what does
your [ __ ] say yes but you have to
but this guy they searched his house they
found him yeah man Don't compare me
but yes  also kico no no but it's not that it
's more or less serious but yes let's
see I, I, I wouldn't invite
a rapist to my show, not a
murderer, a rapist, they just said they
just said in the chat, this one is
more dangerous than Patricia
Donoso, damn, here they're closing the channel,
not completely, no, people want us to
invite him, come here for sure, I have his
number eh because we've talked a lot,
man, let's see, tell, he can tell things,
something else, it's what he tells, maybe he has
more, more freedom than on
Emma's show, that's for sure, but but I don't
know, eh Let's see if you, you handle, you
handle the interview, you're the one who the
two, the two that are also topics that you
also like, you know it's not
heart topics, but yes, yes, yes, I, I
try everything, but of course we can bring
Trium, we can bring Trium because he
also likes these things, Trium, the topic
of a guy who is accused of drugs, we don't
believe that he touches him, I don't know, honestly, today I
was talking on the phone with Trium.
By the way, this week we'll do a little
live show on the main channel again. Oh,
I think it's great.  true what
cucu says is that if they remove, yes, they remove those
who consume, they are left empty
[Laughter]
man, it's that normally Yes, of course, the
vast majority in prisons, the vast
majority is for drug trafficking,
totally do no, but I say there the issue
of having banned him from television is
like, let's see, it's not a blood crime, it
's not a crime that without supporting,
evidently, what he has done, no, or what he
allegedly had done, no, that in the
end it was Look, Yes, he says nice, the
superior court of justice ratified the
acquittal of Rafael Amargo because he endorsed
the nullity of the wiretaps,
García Montesita does his work well, but he
has been freed because he had a stroke of
luck That's how I see it clearly, he has been freed
due to a procedural issue more than not, I mean,
clo, well,
m Yes, yes, but what I don't know about what he's
complaining is that I don't understand, I don't
understand, they complain that they don't
want to interview them anymore and things like that, no, Yes,
I think You know, I think, but it's that
even before, uh, it's like because of a bad image,
because before, uh, entering
prison, this comes from before  I don't know
why Rafael's figure is bitter, I
tell you, I associate it with the curve, I'm going to
ask myself, I'm going
to ask, I'm going to watch tomorrow's
audiences for the party and the curve, the
curve of when he's been here, let's see, I'm going to
press Play to see if it goes up or down, come on, it's been
25 years giving 20 people
food, the Ministry of Labor
Yolanda Díaz, daughter, with the people who are
unemployed and I eat. Answer my
letter of revenge, a little for putting
things in your place, now you will have to
rebuild your life, Rafael, the subject of
drugs and problems with drugs and your
addiction overcome, but 7 years ago it's not
now. Very well, 18 of 2021, I ate the
world, I was a person who has never
lacked work, that is, I had no
need for this, that I have caused
a lot of envy because my way of
being has awakened many stories that I have
not wanted to burn out with people
that I have not wanted to burn out. Look, that's where it
all comes from because you have not
slept with someone, for example. Yes,
because it starts, then the fireball
starts, pa pa  pa But you say that for
not sleeping with someone Yes I have said
that among other things but this is already apart
from your judicial issue no because of course
this is already the same You realize
You realize the portfolio that there is
everyone changes there are things that do not change
because they do not change I mean think about what you
say that you go back to
prison because now I take down
whoever the government is as far as I
know is that I do not watch much TV but
things are as they are But I tell you one
thing here we do not talk about politics but
Nacho Cano now what is happening to him is that I
adore him he is my friend I have been in
Malinche 11 years he is my brother we have
traveled the world together supported no
but it does not happen but Isabel has come out to
support him he has come out Carlos Herrera
los santos Federico los santos
everything He was the first I do not want
anyone to swim for nothing but because when
you refer to helping you and supporting you
is that now they open a door for you to
work for it now that I am that I
am acquitted that they still have
a pending trial I can already ask not to
ask but at least that  treat me the
same if I'm a citizen like you who
pays my taxes here if I'm an
artist like you, the one who doesn't have a
trial doesn't matter to you and they put their
face on as a flag and you kill for him at
least give me a hand I say one
thing in this sense the
opposition party is doing much
better
because I'm already getting into that story I
don't want to talk about politics I want to
talk about you I want to know how you're
going to get your life on track what the [ __ ] have you
slept with that hasado and helped you
go to jail to create written a
book I think it's Emma's thing it wasn't
Emma's desire it wasn't the
interview no I mean on Emma's part No it
wasn't no no there's not much filin let's
see Rafael Amargo is very free speaking he does
n't have any kind of filters as we can
see well he says that he
detoxed 7 years ago if he says so
I don't know what to think people well if he
says so he says like that 7 minutes ago I
read before Eh well each one eh but yes it is
seen normally he directs the
interviews and Rafael is a little
untameable no but  but come on and in fact I would
swear it looks like he has a toupee I
think it's his hair but I don't know it's weird
Yeah it is weird Jer if he sees this
interview and I invite him tomorrow He's not
coming anymore He's not coming anymore but it seems like he's totally wearing a
wig
But look I'm reading people in
the chat who are saying I'm one of those who
when I see him on TV I change the
channel you see tomorrow I can't wait to see
the party ratings You'll see how
the I
swear I swear what always happens when
people change I don't know why
this person eh generates rejection but the kind
of rejection you change the channel you know
there are people that in general I reject but
you see it out of morbid curiosity but this man no
no take the son of the macorina
of a very beautiful fictional story to the cinema
because they wanted me to tell my memories I
couldn't tell my memories because I stage a
coup d'état another time we are with the
subject of memory let's see fiction make
soap operas go to Netflix things like that the
lawyer that I had because Marcos
García Montte and his son Marquito Don
Marquito I mean you've been very
lucky with the support with the lawyer and
with and  with you have slept with
important people with that it is a spicy
because also people do not like this
idea and as I have always been but there was
a person who wanted to sleep
with you and you did not want and that is why you think that they have
closed doors on you there well it
is a wide open door but it starts
there and then with the power I get excited
pum pum pum pum and in the end ala
but it has not gone badly for you eh To not
have slept with you as you
say better Because in addition to in addition to
this it has to go better for me because I am
no longer satisfied with what has gone well for me it has been
good for me because Rafael Enjoy
life take advantage of this opportunity
and Here not here not one moment eh one
second I have to go look at something
but it seems to me that it is not going to be a good
idea eh that you bring him eh I am
seeing that people in general are
rejecting him eh
How does he have to look at something this one
has gone to look at Lore's cell phone To
see if the gemita has put something I don't know
where to see if the auron has answered him I don't know
where this one does not exceed the  salseria
is leaving the gossip there as a
second option and when the
fights are over deas de delos de dulas de delas
de gemita de gemito de Pepita will want to
come here and I will not be here and let's see
what he talks about bu he can talk about things
because he can talk about things but I don't
know I don't know and then the
main channel that goes about how are you You'll see
when Fran is calm Didi Pepe
Didi and Michael Jackson stop having
content don't even pay attention how are you Well
yes the truth is Rafael
bitter you have not become bitter
listen to me I'm going to drink
This creatine and don't see you
know such Well here I was
saying how wonderful you are I say
there I'm already missing it [ __ ]
so fast so fast
Eh no no no me really Javier this
man I don't know what he doesn't say how
dare you see is that I have to get
up because because the [ __ ] I drink
this bottle of creatine and I can't
hold it damn I was pissing myself and I
couldn't hold it I was here for half an
hour  that the old man was pretending to be
pissed off age age things things of
age but next time you can you
can you can bring a little potty
and pee in there with us grandpa V
I don't really know if you go to
pee a lot pu Of course you do it like this you
take off the camera and keep talking I don't know
what And maybe you're we don't
notice and And you're peeing of course it can happen it can happen you have
yes you have put on
diapers like at the Taylor
Swit concert Hey let's see what happened to Rocío let's see what happened to her
Hey you left me stiff
with the robbery then I mean Marta Riesco and Rocío Flores united by the robbery But what are you saying about Marta Riesco that Marta's purse was stolen she's stolen all the contents of the purse that she's been talking to her that she went to report it and she put it on her Instagram too I mean
run veto Marta's stories that
will continue that are from yesterday
wait but it's that Rocío's is
exactly the same Oh my God
my God I swear come on Look  let's
listen to it super sad
e Let's see I'm going to tell you what happened to me
okay yesterday I was taking my dog ​​out and I
was also with my brothers with
my sister's dog we were in
the park taking the dogs out Okay
so I spent like an hour and a half
two hours with my dog ​​in the park
running from one place to another Anyway when I
get home I start doing
all the stuff and it's when I go to
bed when I realized that I can't find
my headphones my headphones are the
little ones okay Well I can't find
my headphones I ask my brother
Manuel nobody knows the headphones and now I feel
like getting into the search engine because I have them
with the locator And now it turns out
that obviously the headphones well let's see to
summarize I don't want to give a sermon
eh it turns out that I put the locator on
the headphones and
uh it showed that the headphones were on my
Avenue in a block And this is because
someone Well they must have found the headphones
and they kept the headphones in their
house obviously the headphones don't have an
address or anything  They're mine or anything So
I take it
and in the Search box, I didn't know that,
there's a notifications section where
you can mark the item as
lost. Well then I've
marked the item as lost. So
I understand. Let's see if anyone knows for
sure. I understand that when
the person who picked up the headphones from the
floor is going to try to use them or
sync them with their phone, it
will have to come up, eh. Because I put in my
phone number in Rome. So that's
when someone tries to use
the headphones or sync them with their
phone. When I marked the
lost option, it told me to put in a
phone number and automatically a
message pops up that doesn't let you change it. That's
how I lost this item. So I
understand that when they do it,
my phone number will come up. Because I
also tried to do this thing about the sound
that comes in, but of course, since it
's on the same avenue as me, in another block, I don't
know, the connection wasn't established. Well, I
got up and when I got up it
turns out that the headphones are now in the
center of
[Music]
Malaga. Let's see, it makes me very sad because
they're my headphones.  My boyfriend gave them to me, I
went to take the dog out and I lost them,
eh It's not about the money or anything
It's because of the sentimental value that
the headphones have For me, so I make these
stories basically for two things One so that
if someone knows exactly what
happens when you mark the object as
lost, you can tell me if
someone knows and two if someone who
lives around this area knows me and the
headphones have a pink case, they are the
small ones and they have
pink peppers, the case of the headphones are
quite striking So if someone
lives in this area who is watching me or
whoever has counted the headphones is
watching me please here is my
phone number when you are going to sync Well, let's
see if there's a chance that I can get
my headphones back, the truth is
that I see it quite screwed up but oh well, I don't
know, I'm going to see if I have a little
luck and in my birthday present I
can find my
headphones So you're telling me that
Marta has also suffered a robbery today, I
honestly believe that people, I believe that they are
not going to recover them, one because
people how sad it is not like that and two, yes it
is  It's true that they are geolocated if
I imagine that they are the iph not by him but yes yes
the person who finds them can use them
because they say lost
lost I don't know if they can I do them yes it's
true a beep sounds and such that on
top of that man, I mean I don't know what it costs you
people also it's that it's incredible but
look at what has shocked me more the case of
Marta eh Let's see they have to be there the
stories or not it was yesterday
or they have been Today maybe they are no longer eh or
maybe they are on Instagram or maybe someone
has taken them or maybe they are on
Twitter Let's see it's before it will be after it's
not from let's see continue continue wow it's that she
uploads so many things
no no
no
wow they're from
yesterday someone has them it has already
disappeared from the Story someone will have
uploaded it to Instagram or it will be on Instagram
good But we can see
heo s no no no but it's that of the
bag, I mean about the bag I'm going to tell it
was exactly that I was eating
with my boyfriend in a restaurant and the
lady and there was a couple next to it and it was
a Michael bag cor she says it
Although he doesn't pay us Michael is  in the
live of Carmen from tel indiscreta Ah
okay Oh our Carmen no no no no brutal
brutal eh I stayed I say
people how can they be so
sneaky it's that it's incredible come on she
made a video yes it will be Hey
Carmen is making a video what do you
think come on those likes up this
little finger because this is one day well there What is that
Javi this well I don't see it
wait
continue here a Ah a little
before but you can hardly hear Javi you hear it
terrible eh And it must be a little after
my hech arrived force
control before
[Music]
came in Okay
Tell me about the restaurant of the tables and
the couple that was next to it eh Well
when they leave She takes her
cell phone because she is always glued to her
cell phone But she leaves her purse there no well I
imagine that with her wallet the
documentation with everything then
when she is in the car
eh she realizes after 10 minutes that she
has left her beloved purse then she
calls the restaurant and and in the
restaurant she says no no we have not
found any purse Wait a
second such and such then I think it is
eh When  or I don't know if it's when Marta goes
or when she comes back or the
waiter notices when he goes to the table I think it's
when Marta goes and it turns out that he
finds it or the waiter has it
the one next to her the couple next to her
open her purse open or something like that and and
that it's Only the contact lenses
I think she cleans something from her eyes and such And
that there's nothing else so
she well has Michael's purse
with the contact lenses or something something
similar Then she said that of course with
with the witnesses of the waiters and
the security cameras Well that she's
going to go to report it obviously
because let's see people seem like a
mob to me man I'm really telling you [ __ ] it's that or rather it's that
between one thing and
another it's that you're eating
someone's Also I don't know if I would know her or
not but regardless girl you take you
see the purse next to you you're next to you
knowing that she can come at
any moment and you start to open it and
take it take what Because in any
case if you want money daughter but to leave your
wallet not your documents and such That  I
guess I would carry are you stupid or stupid
or rather it's that no, they're not me, they're things that I do
n't understand, people are saying in the
chat that says, says no, like Rocío put
that first, those stories first,
maybe Marta made up the thing about the bag, but
man, not for God's sake made it up. Ah well, I do
n't know the date of each one,
but no, man, [ __ ], I don't know how to make
it up, listen to me, what she said today about the
bag, the issue of the bag, that thanks to
everyone for the messages that you have
sent me, sincerely, how she didn't
carry things of great value because she
wasn't, Thank God, not even the
documentation, eh, Not my cell phone, nor Cos, nor
cash, what there was was, Well,
my lipstick, my eyeliner, my blush,
things, a little bit of a small bottle of
cologne, that is, what are the
things that I put in my bag. Because
besides, we were going to eat at a place
next to my house, so eh, Since the
things that were there were of a value,
Well, not much, in the end, the truth is that I
said, Look, I'm not going to report it
because it's a pain to go to the police station, to
report that  ask for the cameras then
I'm not a scammer who's going to
say that I had more things than I
had it just made me angry that there are
people so jincha you know about opening
a purse and keeping it in a
restaurant but I've decided to turn the
page So if you have my makeup
I hope it stops and this is
important lady who was eating
at 80 gr with the bald man with
glasses and on top of that uh you were criticizing
the food by the way but I was
listening to you because you had a tone
of voice
uh quite H And by the way quite
unpleasant and you were also a
little unpleasant with the boy the
truth with the man if you're watching me
and you've stolen my
cosmetics my lipstick my
eyeliner Uh my mascara I just have to
send you a message if you're
watching me I hope you put on makeup and that
stye that I've had for so
long sticks to you I hope I hope I hope and you stop
wanting to open purses that aren't
yours And keep the contents
which by the way if it doesn't reach the man
from the restaurant to tell him you forgive me
bag the lady would have taken my
Michael Corse bag and then there would have been
a problem let's be
prepared okay but I have the images
eh you have it Enrique they have it Enrique
what I don't expect Wait wait Wait I'm
going that eh eh
now now
eh okay let's see I thought when I
normally take my bag somewhere for a
second eh When I normally take my
bag somewhere I never carry a
bag but sometimes in My time
when I went out to party when I went out to
party with a bag like
maximum feminine eh I carried I carried my
wallet with my ID my things my
money my such I don't go with cosmetics and my
cell phone I carry the card of course I understand
that they invite her but I carry the
I now pay with my cell phone But it's that I
carry things I don't carry just some
cosmetics The people here what are you carrying
And you how good is Lore what she carries I
don't know daughter I don't check her bag I don't know
what she carries anymore but man I don't know I don't know
the truth But well it's that I don't know
either or the keys or the keys and the
things it's true I don't know no but  a
nearby place No maybe take less and you don't
have the keys to see if they are
proportional or fair when you are
comparing with people who have
nothing to do with people who are not
getting into this mess when you are
comparing one person with another in
different circumstances No no it is
logical no Well let's go with the robbery that
Marta riesco has suffered how snobbish
people are because there are people who are uh it's
a G we went to eat at a
restaurant at 80 gr of the tables
that I love from here near my
neighborhood near San Chinarro and we happened to be
at the table next to
Alejandro and I uh Well a lady like that of
about 50 years old who was with a
bald man with glasses a woman like that blonde
such uh with a kind of posh clothing
like very posh and such that what
caught my attention was how the way of
speaking she had and not even
10 minutes had passed when I realized that
I had left my purse in the
restaurant and I ran called the
restaurant to tell them Hey I'm coming
well she left her purse it's that I have
that Salt aside because he explains it well
but well we don't have time she leaves her
purse eh she realizes she calls the
restaurant he tells her she gives her the key of
What is her purse like and she realizes that
the purse is in this lady that I
was talking about okay she had
taken it when she realized that she had
left it I'm going over there that I left my
purse the restaurant manager tells me
and Well the thing is that I don't see any
purse and suddenly he said to me
Wait wait and go to that woman that I had
next to me with her uh partner man I don't
really know what it was see that
woman has my purse on her table open and that
her purse is underneath I mean she
has my purse on the top part of
the table and the other purse like at the
bottom and mine open Long story short
the woman is running when I arrive and
this bald man is no longer there and they
give me back the purse so I'm going to
show it to you strong
man for incredible
empty elv
Ah we see the boyfriend who makes a
comment says that it's strong such I don't know
man if he's making this up the
boyfriend would be an accomplice and I'm not  I see the
boyfriend no I don't know him but I don't see him as an
accomplice you know or so this is made up I who
knows how to make this up [ __ ] what the [ __ ] are you
going to say what disgusting people for Hey that
you can't leave a purse and that
a 50 year old lady who more who
less already with 50 years old She says that she's a posh
girl via and all that really what need is there to
take a young girl's
purse let's take it from her has it been theft
really no I don't know I think I think this is
classified as theft no you left
the purse there and it doesn't belong to anyone in theory it belongs to
no one she knows perfectly well
who it belonged to
everyone And well then he committed this theft he
stole these little things eh I don't know if if it's that
now he's recording with another
cell phone if he had the cell phone separately I don't
know but
But wait the
echo wait it's very funny to me Enrique
because he clarifies he says that it's not very normal
for a fan of Enrique to say that a
50 year old lady steals a young girl as if
the age in a robbery relative apart from 50 Mar
is almost 40 so to say that they didn't
steal an 80 year old  from
TR for what I want to say is like what the [ __ ]
right now don't be a brat you know
well fatal I hope this
also helps everyone who is watching the
video when I fall from a place
please check it out and for others who
dedicate themselves to these things and are
watching us Of course I hope you are
none The minority that shouldn't do
this you find something and
give it to the waiter Look hey look they
left this on this table Oh okay well the
waiter points it out
Look up to here a little bit of everything Oh no he says
I love Enrique commenting on this
please fantasy Well then look Hey Oy
multi robobo no Mobo today Hey but
you girls ah no Of course they're not going to give her
back I think Rocío no they're not
going to give her headphones back Well it's happened to all of
us at some point no or I almost
forgot that we haven't mentioned
this weekend on Friday [ __ ]
but I haven't commented on it it's that of course I
took it for granted like there
was like I had commented on a
newscast because I had a newscast
ready to record but we haven't
commented What did you think but no,
let's not see things here, not from vies,
impossible, give a hard time that's crazy, girl,
give a hard time that's crazy, it has to be
edited and not loed
but what
thing did you see no, you didn't see it's that I didn't
go to dinner Look, I left the
scene, it wasn't that big of a deal, the
truth I mean, the mother wanted to
justify that they were going to fix it because of
course they were telling her But
how come now all of a sudden You're going to
fix it live I mean if you were
saying last week that this would be in
private, later on, right now
things are not yet ready and they
say, well, eh, because I have a
commitment to this
program. Of course, of course, because I have a
commitment to this PR, I mean, you put
the program before the relationship with your son.
No, yes, but what I, what Pipi
said and what we said, that there hasn't
been a maximum closeness, not that we
love each other forever and we we don't we
super love each other and and this is already the
relationship, there has been a closeness with you, no
because she says that they recognize that she was
drunk, let's say it's what I've seen, she doesn't use, she does
n't use drinks, but that she was
on a Friday, on a Friday, of course, that's
what  I saw he said it was
Friday, man, well, it's a
really funny way of admitting it. But it's that
I already, this interview was
so obvious. How many viewers did it?
How many viewers did it? No, I haven't seen it.
I would have liked to see that, like, the
viewers did. You know. No, I haven't
looked at it. Wait, I'll tell you quickly.
Yes, look at it please. Let's
see. Look at the people. The Duel with the
Boss on Friday had a 13.1 and won over The
Voice by one point. Come on, by a tenth. I don't
know what to do. Look, but look at the
headlines. Outrageous interview with
Carmen Borrego and her son. No money, no
hug, mother and son. They refused to
meet on the set of Friday, despite having been
promoting the Duel all
week. Oh, but wait, haven't I
seen it? Haven't they been together on
Plato?
Yes. How come? Yes, yes, of course, they even
did a performance? Eh, like that, each one
in a corner on one side. No, I
shouldn't have seen that, but it
seemed so boring to me. No, no, no,
people say.  that no what do you see No look at the
chat no Ah But if I have seen
a scene in which the two are one
like on one side of the stairs and the
other like on the other side of the
other staircase of the set when we in
elgar find in Plato of course they
refused this week if not
next week there will be an exclusive in
between jo man it is really
embarrassing eh it is embarrassing friend
I thought they had been
together of course the people the media I
mean the approach is outrageous
shameful eh also they carry then of
course it is it is Looking for the next Of course if
not next week it
will be the following if there is no
exclusive reading it is in week
by him if it is It is that I do not know how
people can continue eh if it is that I was
hooked on this Campos thing at the
time although they generate rejection in me almost
all but it is like it is already so so
obvious the the the let's see It's that I do not
want to say the word eh but the the
television scam you know it's like phew eh it
's a song in a way it is boring it is
soporific it is obvious  songs or
at least make us love each other a little
more the plots because it is very
forced but the reason for the fight eh in the
end is that the mother is dedicated to selling
exclusive content about the son and the daughter-in-law
did not agree very much because I think that
the problem there was the daughter-in-law that the daughter-in-law
and the mother-in-law well did not swallow that that
is the reason that I see yes no
well the reason started because Carmen
Borrego sold the exclusive content of the pregnancy
without her consent no and
supposedly it all started supposedly
Paola's mother was going to talk in or that we
were that we can call her that I
also have her number eh eh but I do not know
if she ever spoke does anyone know because
I have not seen anything on Friday was going to
talk in or that we were
Paola
Olmedo's mother but I do not know if
resilience
condemned a kiss a
kiss 65 members eh 65 members careful
eh Well plus one that is
giving away right now Josefina Pedreira
66 I love those names I say
Josefina Well maybe it will surprise me
I always
always names like Josefina and such
then I can be wrong I always
think that they are older people but then I am
wrong the other day a young girl
also with Josefina I say look I am
glad that the names of a lifetime
continue to have it son now they are
called now everyone many people are
called eh
Anastasia Malena or rather names like that as
you understand and not the names of a
lifetime there has been a controversy there has been a
controversy another controversy that I am going to
tell you about now Alberto a kiss a kiss Thank you
very much another
m7 that there has been a controversy for this
Well it is not the first time that Diego
Arabal has a controversy with a
miniature that does not match Or that angers
people or something like that but you
have seen this now you are going to get me into
trouble let's see what I do not [ __ ] any of them it is
viral it is news you know I mean like Yes let's
see when I saw it I said but it does not
surprise me either I want to tell you yes I knew
obviously I am not stupid and I knew that he was
referring to the intern the happy young man But
obviously for people who do not know the
first thing that you understand is that it
is  referring to Antonio David and he
is not stupid there are many more photos with him in
fact he has been interviewed could have
posted a photo of the two of them or a
photo with him alone and of course it
is obviously not a coincidence what do you want me to think
that I find it
pathetic Yes but I mean no no, the same as always, I mean the same as
always and the same as
always but it's not that I mean this has
been like an intelligent game, no,
of if one thing is clickbait and another thing
is this, this now I see how that you ca
n't always play with the double entendres,
all that stuff we do
okay No, I'll already comment on this
more extensively on the news because
I have to put some screenshots and so on,
people were complaining to him like, hey
but why didn't you put this photo because you
know what I'm telling you in fact
even on his page man it's a bit of a
provocation no Antonio David I believe what
happened is that Antonio David I don't think he'll go
in I don't think he'll go in No he's not going to go in
Look people are listening to him even
his followers are listening to him I don't
understand why he does these things
sometimes no but he's far away  to recognize
anything or anything like that has told
people what the [ __ ] had put it
there in Yellow the initials
eh Yeah well And in the Yes but it's not that it does
n't make any sense when you
put this thumbnail you know you know what
people when when it is seen in big
Antonio David the other behind the word
in big jailed for fraud it
was obvious but no we don't need to
explain absolutely anything because
any person with a twod iq
obviously understands perfectly
this is that I don't know I think there are
things that should not be allowed you
can play with the click we all do it we have all
done it everyone
does it in the media and I don't
think it's wrong to play either but
of course getting to this point no and I don't
know who can defend this type of
things whether with Antonio David or
whoever it is it is wrong wrong I think
Antonio David I imagine ci in full
live what was clear he did a live I'm going
to comment on it later on a better newscast
but he did a live like eh Of
course Not recognizing anything
Like J on the flat I say things but
then I say Ah it's that you
have not understood it well okay I  I haven't
said it but
eh I find it strange that Anton Avin didn't
call him in the middle of the live show to
tell him to change the title of the
thumbnail Oh he did it with you Yes
yes no apart from that he did it with me
Leona we spoke with Antonio David because we
had spoken with Antonio David he had
And then Antonio
David was really hurt by my title because of course people
could think that he was going to come to my
live show no there it is understood it was
perfectly understood and we do it in the
written media when there is a statement or
when someone has had a
conversation or four words with
someone we talk to so and so and you put the
quotation marks two nonsense or on
YouTube the same thing was
perfectly understood it has nothing to do with that
but here this borders on the good
of course it goes beyond the
immoral everything but eh And the way
things are eh I don't know the relationship
they have but I am Antonio
David and I would have been pissed off well no
but I would have I would have been pissed off
seeing that don't bother me dude
or rather imprisoned for fraud the first
one not a close-up but the
main shot  It's from Antonio David and you see the
other one in the background, it's ugly Although we
obviously know that he's
referring to him in the end visually it's
what you don't have the public that we have,
the public that we have are many
women and that you put it in Yellow
like that in small but that doesn't
undervalue the women Well it will be his
public that but if it's not, it's not
undervaluing It's that you the thumbnails
Also, I often look, eh apart from
when we're seeing when we're
seeing the thumbnails, not that we're going to
put on a video of whoever it is, always
something that I have with the Editors and that we
check is how the thumbnail looks on the mobile How it
looks on the mobile because of
course the thumbnail is not that you
put it on your Twitter or here on the
computer appears large no no no the
thumbnail many people are on their mobile
browsing and are watching video and the
thumbnail is this then there I want
the texts to be seen so that it will attract
attention a kiss Pau what time
gorgeous paau oysters paau kiss queen
Thank you very much do you understand me or not
Then I understand you perfectly
justify it in that let's see it has been ugly
it has been ugly to put that because there are many
people who can understand you know but in the
end these behaviors
but independently Diego or Pepito
eh And be careful we can all make mistakes I
am the first really if I have to do
self-criticism it is that I do it is that
I but Generally they are people who do not
do it and instead of Far from
doing it they overturn it and they become harmful
you know until the end until the end
until the end and for me that is worrisome
because in the end I know and and
sometimes those behaviors are usually rewarded I mean you
have yes you have the one for a little while
but then Well I don't know It seems to me let's
go Eh yes yes it is a bit in this
people have been left cloth eh there was a
commotion on Twitter and there was a commotion and
not only fans of Antonio av but even
his own followers who as I do not
understand why you do this I do not understand
why you know what need yes yes already
putting the photo of the mosito himself I
call him the mosito of the mosito I the intern
the intern right I  I call the monkey
already putting the photo no What does Antonio
avid do I don't know but oh well that's it each one does
their job however they want
Marina we have a new audio we have a
new leaked audio of Barbara Rey for
me one of the most
controversial is that he had promised
me to give me the money to pay
the 100 million pesetas that he would
give me so what he did
was one day he came and gave me 20 million
pesetas the house was going to be auctioned then when
c or c months passed he took half 15 or
so over the course of a year and a half He
was giving me some amounts of money
to face all those debts I
had and to be able to continue living But he
gave it to me
spaced out in reality the amount that he
would give me Because also among
other things it seemed to me even
shameful and I felt like I was even
ashamed first of receiving and well
ashamed in the aspect that I was
missing money that he sent me for
example 5 million pesetas and of the
packages of 100,000 pesetas
20 was missing  another one was missing 10 of another one was
missing 30 and in the end I maybe had to
make a payment of 2 million
pesetas and I found myself Well, I
sent a service person with 2 million pesetas
to deposit it in the
bank and the service person came
upset thinking that I was going to believe
that he was the one who had stolen that
money from me because I assumed that
in that package there was a
whole million pesetas no and then I
verified that the money was missing from many packages Are you
aware of the story well
Yes yes what a move the king gave her a
lot of money Because that is money I
mean we are not talking about blackmail
after no no no during the king gave her a lot of
money
okay
and
to settle his debts 15 million
pesetas 20 million pesetas the time
a lot Look listen to me excuse me eh
when he talks about debts Honestly he
means that he wanted the money to go to the
casino that I do not judge her eh I do not judge her
for that Really I mean I do not judge her  that's why
but it was for the casino and for their, that's why he
talks about debts But what
debts 15 million peseta
Z Yeah he spent that in two weeks yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
man it's that it wasn't
just Bingo if you go to Roulette or
if you go to the I mean let's see it's that yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
and that it's heavy I mean well go
stop what you say about blackmail
these audios that I don't understand why
how they are managing it in
time eh I mean how they are coming out little by little
little by little but these are
heavy Because here we are seeing that they
totally deny the whole
story that they have sold us during
all this time that he doesn't stop The king
from having his responsibility but
my goodness I mean my goodness it's heavy I'm not
surprised that she is she must be a
little overwhelmed honestly yes she must
be overwhelmed because this I mean it's
heavy it's heavy Don't you think it's
heavy I think it's for I think it's
for the life of  Barbara now it's like that I
'm freaking out with this whole thing
about Look, another five from Gustavo, a kiss.
Hey, listen to me with this nonsense, we have
80 and some members, eh, that's too much
with this nonsense, we have 80 and some
members, they're going to stay at the door of
120, eh, they're going to stay at the door of
120,
eh. I was going to tell you that it's an
outrage, no, he's telling me like
the king, it's like a complaint, no, the king
gave him the bundles of money and now in
those bundles there were missing eh bundles of 5
million and now some
bills were missing in one bundle in another, no, and
now when the girl they
sent to the bank went, of course, she came with a
red face, hurry up because they wouldn't
think she was the one who had
kept it, I mean, but trust me,
how aunt and through
intermediaries, which pachas she has taken from
the king and
now and that we have the daughter saying
very offended that, Hey, don't say that my
Mother has taken public money or has she
kept public money eh very very
offended
like let's see how I say I am neither bald nor with
three wigs we cannot exempt the
king from his responsibility obviously
for me he is the main culprit what
happens is that this lady come on clear
or rather she is heavy she is heavy or rather this
story is heavy I don't know what else is left to come
out because as it goes by fasts this
is like Corina with her podcast I
remember that I got stuck in my
head every episode every week
an episode that that lady man to me it
seems and it seemed super
dangerous every time I listened to her she
gave me some bad B some auras of a
dangerous aunt that I say my goodness this this
Juan Carlos I believe anyway But but Yeah bu No it is not
public money it is not
Juanca's money how is it Juanca's money
no no that There will be people who say that it is not
public money that the bank has given him of
course Yes of course no no
65 my goodness 65 million euros is that
Corina's thing is that the King with
Corina was that yes  that was in chochi
speaking badly but at the limit it is heavies and
not that of Bárbara Rey no, not that of Bárbara
Rey no eh Juan Carlos in the end he has lived
the life that he has absolutely
wanted that one has been a lived
now he has lived as he pleased
and and let's go to me You know who I would
love one day that one yes that would have to
write a book The one who always takes him the one who
accompanies him who is called
monchi who carries his cachava and who
is always grabbing him and such that one
would have so much to tell but of course those
people yes they have contracts
yes they have
confidentiality contracts that one and we are doing well 20
lives is it man But that is not going to be
worth life F tour brown eh this
man wait that one that is monchi that is
my monchi
this one who goes with okay okay José María
Garrido Ah yes companion a little secret
that maybe I don't know if you like yes it is
Majo and I find it very interesting
to locate manchi two farms that I think will be the
talk of the town in the next few days one is from the March family of the
bank  March of Mallorca where the king used to
go frequently and there is another estate And
this is information and it is
exclusive news where the king had a
great time this estate belongs to a Colonel who
is in the reserve who was his aide-
de-camp his personal escort and who
many people call the second
father of Friland his
name is Nicolás Murga Nicolás has been
investigated Murga
Mula
Murga Nicolás Murg Mendoza in his day and
still the investigation as far as we know is not
closed he has been investigated for being a
front man for the king and he has an estate with
hectares in which according to what
people of complete credibility confirm to us
the king has had a
great time and I think what a note eh in note he has lived let's go
a life let's go esc surprises us
No what happens is that it catches my
attention that everything is coming out now you
know well I suppose when as a result of
all this scandal of the photographs has broken
is when no when it is a
bit of the moment for
some things to start coming out but for all this to come out
now I don't know Eh yes it surprises me but
come on No no I'm telling you that he has lived
a great life  Let's
go now because he's older no and it doesn't matter anymore it doesn't
matter much no and
whatever is said no one is going to take
any measures of any
kind, if you talk to him badly he doesn't care
he's living in Abu Dhabi quietly
when he comes back he comes back he gives it to me I think that at
this point as you say he
gives it to me Exactly the same what they say what they do
n't say let's go I'm telling you the one who I
think is that overwhelmed is
Barbara Rey
eh She must not be well she must not be well
sincerely and in the end who she has she has
her daughter Sofia Cristo but no I don't
think she has much much more
support the truth
and we'll see because at some
point I say that she will manifest herself in a
plan she will tell her version beyond two
specific statements which is what
we have seen and seeing her a little overwhelmed I say I say that she will
speak but she will speak
well I think that well she will have her space
although I don't know very well what she will say
because the audios speak for themselves
No the truth I don't know Javi eh Of course she's
going to say let's see she or rather she has gone  counting
throughout life Everything yes but in
her own way she has omitted everything or rather she has
omitted Yes but the only thing that she has
colored is not the subject of blackmail
Of course because evidently we
leave her more space Of course, of course, of course Yes, yes, yes it
is heavy, it is heavy eh But you know what
is even heavier? What if she says that
we have 13 likes and that there are 25
members missing for our
challenge? How much 25 members 26 come on okay 26
26 when would we come Tuesday or Thursday Hey wait
a moment because I want to see that the H no
luare has
me because now I'm going to the
salsería but running and I want her to have
scheduled the
live that doesn't appear
scheduled to me, does it appear to you family? Let's
see, we can't leave here, we can't
leave here, no because we have to
do r
Ah you send the people from here
directly, how funny?
Of course if it comes out, people say if it is
scheduled, people don't say to me
yes yes yes yes, the notification has popped up
Yes Hey, but is
this topic that serious? Yes he tells me, man, I'm telling you
Marina, for God's sake  let's see Forgive me son I
'm sorry I don't live it like you The only thing I
see is a girl who well
anyway I'm not going I'm going to put on Pinar of that
would be like how she thinks that we don't have 10
minutes left think no well while people
while people give like because of course
1300 likes at least 10000
no and some members of good night to
get to the
challenge Not me now [ __ ] now now I'm going to
be instead of the sacred cow The
dairy cow because between that I go in white and
not s and now now now I have been able to
prepare the Ray for when we close that you
don't play anything okay that we are going to fall
there and it seems to me that it seems to me that we have
a powerful little night of gossip there
on top of that I have to give have
prepared a script for tomorrow well
tomorrow I want to record a video on the
main channel but I'm going to record it on
Marina Street I'm going to record a review I'm
going to respond to a person and I'm going to
do it on the street and I can't know
who no no no because you wouldn't know
alone of course all the people would know and no
and nobody knows  maybe it's not expected that I'm
going to answer that person you can't
say because the TR starts no no no no I
know him HM yes Probably yes of course
but I mean he's from the salsería no of
course okay I already know who it is of course it will be
someone But I can say I can say
who it is because I think I know no no no no no
no you're not going to know who it is who I'm
going to answer no one is expecting it no
one is
expecting it if I say it and I get the first one right you
tell me yes only if I get the
first one right no no I'm not going to I'm not going to
bother you you you're not going to get it right
because no one expects me to
answer but I think we have to
answer But there are a lot of people here from the
salsería there are a lot of kids here who
are waiting for me now I'm going over there now I'm going over
there well we've
run out of topics here really eh so I mean
a little bit We say goodbye to
Marina for a little bit and I leave Pit
andía the challenge no there the challenge today in 10
minutes
Marina but you can't tell me that I mean let's
see family  eh everyone all my
surroundings that I know that the padel people see us
ena the bad thing the link and everything for God
look only one member 099 come on I'm
going to give myself a member How do I do it from
the computer here here here I'm
seeing it here here member of the Channel And what do I have to
do join but I mean this does this
mean that you want to come back not
these days No man what do I know do I have to I have to
put my ID to put
member yes this What
is eye eye eye
that the od we are there there eh
my God I'm getting nervous I have to
put my ID apartment says
Miria I'm a fan of Javi with Marina the
kids don't give me eye eye careful
eh Oh you don't know what you're doing let's see
well relax eh this too It
has its thing that now it's now it's
booming the kids but as it goes down I
hope not I hope not no no no no always
the kids always always always came
out there have been stages that I
gave faith that it was lower than now yes
Well It depends depends but very little very little very
little very little the
kids are worth Well I think that with this
almost  we complete confirming that we
see each other again
no
my God Almost almost almost almost eh Wait, let me
look and what day What day would we return
Tuesday or Thursday it depends no I would say
Tuesday you know why Because there is a
guest Tuesday with guest with
guest Tuesday with guest
and son you are not going no no what I say if yes it is
done if the challenge is completed you have to
complete Tuesday with guest
and on Wednesday they can try the
challenge again of course Wednesday of course a challenge of
course and they have Thursday to repeat
again you are the ones in charge let's go
for you Marina can come 4 at days
or cco days Almost says says Reme in the
youth the members are worth less It's that
here you put it at three
no me don't tell me your story Hey
no eh What do you think What is this is that
the youth of the public is Latino Uy
Ah they are worth they are worth less there the members of
course that's why I can't do anything to
remove it Ah okay okay I didn't know daughter
quas of course It's that here the public is
Spanish full Spanish but come on
Oh by the way Well I don't have to
ask you How much are the members worth How much are
the members worth here  I don't know 2 euros no or
three no two or 3 euros a coffee I
deserve it no if not
the session can't be maintained either
eh Hey Javi one day I'm going to go with Trium
okay talking about the Menéndez brothers
I hope you don't mind about
Petem I don't know I don't know I would have to
talk about it in the next live if we
reach 200 members I'll join Marina to
denounce Javi Hey this could be an
option are you going to come tomorrow to the
Corrillo to the corralillo well no tomorrow in
theory we have a corralillo eh The thing is I don't
know what topics there will be if there are no
topics but tomorrow I have to see what
topics there will be Well around here today we
ate all the topics before
two hours look what I said I
told you before Hey but why do we talk
so fast Javi it's so
nice no J but but normally we don't have enough
time we leave topics
accumulated but today we ate the
topics 10 minutes before finishing but
Melo time is ephemeral by my side
ephemeral yes come on are you wanting to go to
the salsa bar but on Tuesday but of course We have to
let you know Of course people
aren't used to us on Tuesdays and
of course my goodness well everyone who's
listening to us here on Tuesday here on
Tuesday we'll see each other Well tomorrow we'll
see each other in the it's that I was I was
waiting to see if al would answer me but he
hasn't answered me in theory tomorrow
lasne was coming But well if not then
we go over the topics that's it and on Tuesday for
sure with a guest for
sure but we still haven't said that we'll
announce it on Tuesday for sure with a guest
I [ __ ] on Tuesday with a guest Okay
so on Tuesday Tuesday Marina is coming back
with a guest okay come on I'm going so don't
play anything okay okay tomorrow the ass is
coming to the Corrillo but what am I saying alne you can come to
the Corrillo but she
can also come with us another
day when we're you and I Hopefully okay I'm going to
put someone else on don't play anything I'm
running to the salsa bar because the
issue is there that's on fire Okay See you handsome
Marina on Tuesday see you Tuesday adó
yos
[Music]
you
heart
[Music]
ok